README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Start project and Add a first version of Readme

README.md, after:

# Ebook Shelf Project

**Ebook Shelf Project** is a personal project that pretends to be a way to work with some new technologies and adding a cool project into my portfolio. At this moment, there is not any intention to develop this project as a comercial product.

---

## Project Objectives

### Technology/Technical Objectives

-   [x] NextJS
-   [ ] TypeScript
-   [ ] SASS
-   [ ] Mobile First
-   [ ] GraphQL
-   [ ] AWS Amplify
-   [ ] AWS Cognito (Authentication)
-   [ ] AWS DynamoDB (DataBase)
-   [ ] AWS S3 or Private Storage \*

_\* TBD: Since AWS S3 Free Tier is limited to 12 months, maybe we will use another storage system, like a home server._

### Functionality Objectives

-   [ ] Cross-platform Web Application (RWD)
-   [ ] Users can register and sign-in
-   [ ] Users can upload new ebooks
-   [ ] Users can download their own ebooks
-   [ ] Users can create a book without giving an ebook
-   [ ] Users can track their reading information (Just mark as readed or track date)
-   [ ] Users can read their ebooks \*

_\* TBD: Not confirmed._
